1) a) Bias in machine learning is the error in the model when intrducing the real life data compared to the approximate so even if it is clustered together it may be in the top right corner of the box instead of the center.  Variance in machine learning is the variability between the points from true so they may be scattered around the center of a circle instead of in a tight bunch. How much change is in a model when we change the training set. So how much data changes when x changes. 
b) typically if variance is high then bias would be low or vice versa. It is hard to find a model with both low variance and bias. They tend to move in opposite directions. 
c) Variance is low if the model is simple and less flexible, high if the model is flexible and complicated. Bias is low if the model is flexible and complicated and typically high when the model is less flexible and simple. 

2)The assumptions of linear regression are linearity (a linear relationship between the predicted and predictors), the observations are independent, there is homoskedasticity, errors are normally distributed, and there is no multicollinearity. 

3) Heart_disease is the y in this model, the predicted. 15 is the slope. For every one unit increase in biking, heart disease decreases .2 units while holding everything else constant. For every one unit increase in smoking, heart disease increases .178 units while holding everything else constant. Smoking could be a categorical variable so it would be 1 or 0. 1 for smoking, 0 for non smoking. E is the error number. 

4)a) sales = 3.52 + .045youtube +.188facebook - .001newspaper
b) The residuals make it look like a fairly normal graph but the mean would be skewed because of such a small min value compared to the other values. The graph may appear a little skewed left. For every one unit increase in youtube, sales increase .045 units while holding everything else constant. For every one unit increase in facebook, sales increase .188 units while holding everything else constant. For every one unit increase in newspaper, sales decrease .001 units while holding everything else constant. Sales start at 3.52 units. The standard errors are small for all but newspaper which helps to make it more significant. Newspaper standard error is almost the side of the actual coefficient.  There are high t-values for each coefficient besides newspaper. The high t-values show that there is a big difference between the standard error and the coefficents in all but newspaper. The p-value is minuscule for the coefficients and intercept besides newspaper. Newpaper is not significant while the others are. The r squared is fairly high at .897, so the x's used make up 89.7% of y which is a decent amount. The F-statistic is low and significant so overall the model is a decent indicator of sales amounts (besides newspaper). 